README.md, before:

# mochawesome-screenshots
This is a fork of Mochawesome(MochawesomePlusPlus) reporter with added screenshots functionality.

A reporter takes a screenshot after each failed test.

Installation of the module:
```
$ npm install mochawesome-screenshots --save-dev
```

Usage remains the same as the Mocahwesome.

For protractor:

In your protractor configuration file:
```
  framework: 'mocha',

  mochaOpts: {
      reporter: 'mochawesome-screenshots',
      reporterOptions: {
          reportDir: 'customReportDir',
          reportName: 'customReportName',
          reportTitle: 'customReportTitle',
          reportPageTitle: 'customReportPageTitle',
          takePassedScreenshot: false,
          clearOldScreenshots: true,
          shortScrFileNames: false,
          jsonReport: false,
          multiReport: false
      },
      timeout: 600000
  },
```

For playwright and puppeteer:

* Make global your "page" variable.
* Add reporterOptions:
``` 
framework: playwright (puppeteer)
```

For cypress:
* Add reporterOptions:
``` 
framework: cypress
```

Use 'multiReport = true' for parallel test execution (adding timestamp in report file name),
 or change report name in tests or hooks for shardTestFiles option:

    const logReport = require('mochawesome-screenshots/logReport');
        
    it('Change report name', function() {
        logReport.setReportName(this, 'customReportName');
    });

Log data to report:

    const logReport = require('mochawesome-screenshots/logReport');

    it('Log build number', function() {
        logReport.log(this, 'build number:' + buildNumber);
    });

Add custom screenshots from mochawesome-reports/screenshots folder to report:

    it('Custom screenshot', function() {
        ..
        save screenshot 1 to ('./mochawesome-reports/screenshots/'+imageFileName1);
        save screenshot 2 to ('./mochawesome-reports/screenshots/'+imageFileName2);
        ..
        logReport.setScreenshot(this, imageFileName1, 'message1');
        logReport.setScreenshot(this, imageFileName2, 'message2');
    });

Commit message:

###1.7.2 add ability to take screenshots for webdriver.io framework

README.md, after:

# mochawesome-screenshots
This is a fork of Mochawesome(MochawesomePlusPlus) reporter with added screenshots functionality.

A reporter takes a screenshot after each failed test.

Installation of the module:
```
$ npm install mochawesome-screenshots --save-dev
```

Usage remains the same as the Mocahwesome.

For protractor - configuration file example:
```
  framework: 'mocha',

  mochaOpts: {
      reporter: 'mochawesome-screenshots',
      reporterOptions: {
          reportDir: 'customReportDir',
          reportName: 'customReportName',
          reportTitle: 'customReportTitle',
          reportPageTitle: 'customReportPageTitle',
          takePassedScreenshot: false,
          clearOldScreenshots: true,
          shortScrFileNames: false,
          jsonReport: false,
          multiReport: false
      },
      timeout: 600000
  },
```

For playwright and puppeteer:

* Make global your "page" variable.
* Add reporterOptions:
``` 
framework: playwright (puppeteer)
```
For cypress:
``` 
framework: cypress
```
For webdriver.io:
``` 
framework: webdriverio
```

Use 'multiReport = true' for parallel test execution (adding timestamp in report file name),
 or change report name in tests or hooks for shardTestFiles option:

    const logReport = require('mochawesome-screenshots/logReport');
        
    it('Change report name', function() {
        logReport.setReportName(this, 'customReportName');
    });

Log data to report:

    const logReport = require('mochawesome-screenshots/logReport');

    it('Log build number', function() {
        logReport.log(this, 'build number:' + buildNumber);
    });

Add custom screenshots from mochawesome-reports/screenshots folder to report:

    it('Custom screenshot', function() {
        ..
        save screenshot 1 to ('./mochawesome-reports/screenshots/'+imageFileName1);
        save screenshot 2 to ('./mochawesome-reports/screenshots/'+imageFileName2);
        ..
        logReport.setScreenshot(this, imageFileName1, 'message1');
        logReport.setScreenshot(this, imageFileName2, 'message2');
    });
